---
layout: layout.html
title: Bodies In Balance Therapeutic Pilates & Building A Strong Foundation
heading: Home
---

__Welcome to Bodies in Balance__

Established in 1992 by Mary Sue Corrado, PMA®-CPT, Bodies in Balance
was Seattle’s first Pilates studio. We are dedicated to helping you
improve strength, posture, balance, alignment and performance.

Building on the fundamentals of Pilates, and incorporating principles
of biomechanics, kinesiology and other bodywork techniques, Bodies in
Balance offers private, personalized training programs focusing on
conditioning, rehabilitation and performance enhancement for clients
of every age and fitness level.

With our years of experience, extensive knowledge and passion for
teaching, we&nbsp;have attracted numerous dedicated clients including
many doctors, nurses, physical therapists and fellow Pilates
instructors.

Using a combination of supportive guidance, education, encouragement
and humor, we hope to leave each client stronger in body, mind, and
spirit.

Discover more about the Bodies in Balance difference:

__Personalized Attention__

When it comes to fitness, we recognize that everyone has different
needs and goals and abilities. Our private sessions, individualized
training plans and one-on-one instruction ensure you get the most out
of each workout.

__Therapeutic Benefits__

Pilates- based training has long been recognized as a safe, effective
method of injury prevention and post-injury conditioning. At Bodies in
Balance we specialize in working with clients who are recovering from
injury, surgery, illness, or stroke, and with women during or after
pregnancy.

We will work closely with healthcare providers to ensure our training
program&nbsp;complements your overall recovery plan.

__Integrative Model__

Pilates is an inherently integrative approach, focusing body, mind and
breath to achieve balanced fitness.

At Bodies in Balance, we incorporate the latest information in
biomechanics and&nbsp;complementary bodywork techniques in a holistic
approach to conditioning, allowing us to create a training program to
meet your specific needs.
